reviewing function called Globe to
import several modules at once so in the
previous lesson we have reviewed one
configuration option with the name eager
and in this lesson we'll continue
reviewing some other options for example
we can also use option called as and in
case we specify whether they rot for
this option then the object which Globe
function will return is going to contain
the following every key of this object
will still be passed to a particular
module but the Val is different because
this time it contains content of those
modules instead of the function which
allows us to load particular module
dynamically so when browser were
requesting those modules to fetch them
as we can see VD has replied with the
following content it has produced used
validas script module where default
expert contains module content in a
string form so literally what V has done
it read content of every module
converted it to a string and returned to
a browser but if I'm going to specify
value URL for the option s in here this
time glob function is going to produce
the following result we still get an
object where every key is a passed to
individual module and the Val this time
is absolute pass to those modules so as
a response to calls which fetch those
modules in the browser VD has return the
valid masr module where default expert
is pass to that module and now let's try
to do the following I'm going to add an
expert of constant name into every
module in the first module this constant
will be equal to Jane the second module
B already contains this constant with
value JN so let's at the same constant
into module C and the value in here
let's say will be JY and I'm also going
to place default expert into every
module the first module will expert
letter A as a default expert the second
module will export letter b and the
third module will export letter C and
then back to our main Javascript file
let's remove this configuration object
that we're passing to Globe function
remove the comment from this channel of
code and this time let's use one
configuration option called import and
what this option allows us to do it lets
us specify name the expert which would
like to import while importing modules
in bulk by using glob function so for
example if every module we're trying to
import in bulk contains some named
expert instead of importing anything
else we can literally specify a
particular input that would like and
since all our module expert constant
with a name name we can specify this
name in here and since we have already
specified that every import should
contain import Cod name that promise
which will be resolved after dynamically
Import in module will contain this data
so let's rename this parameter on name
and use it to print it out and there we
go after every Dynamic module gets
fetched and executed we also see the
value of the name variable in here which
contains names and if for example I only
want to import default expert we can
literally mention default in here and
this time instead of names we're going
to get Val experted by default from
those modules and let's take a look at
one more combination of configuration
options we're going to use eager option
with value true and import option with
value name and by now we already know
that by using these configuration
options we disable a dynamic nature of
importing modules as well as we specify
that we'd like to import only imports
called name and as a result we're going
to receive such object where every key
is a pass to individual imported module
and as a value for those keys we receive
values of the named experts called name
so all our three modules a b and c were
requested and fetched on the initial
page load and now let's also take a look
at the transformation what bit has
applied to glob function call so right
here we can see it was transformed into
three static Imports where every import
Imports only one piece of data called
name and down here all this data gets GA
it within one object and this object
gets assigned to modules constant which
at the end gets printed to the console
so as we can see this glob function
which VI provides us with to load
several modules at once is pretty
powerful and lets us import multiple
modules in several different ways in